{"metadata": {"product_id": "016726ef-32d9-4f55-b84e-2c637b5a61e1", "id": "016726ef-32d9-4f55-b84e-2c637b5a61e1", "name": "Compression Shorts Men - Ultra-Tight Stretchable Baselayer for Athletic Sports, Spandex Activewear Underwear - MMA Kick Boxing Gym Workout Running BJJ Muay Thai Weight Training Cycling Surfing", "product_asin": "B09XXFCCCT"}, "content": "Product Name: Compression Shorts Men - Ultra-Tight Stretchable Baselayer for Athletic Sports, Spandex Activewear Underwear - MMA Kick Boxing Gym Workout Running BJJ Muay Thai Weight Training Cycling Surfing \nProduct Description: Product details     Material composition     Spandex       Care instructions     Hand Wash Only       Closure type     Pull On       Rise style     High Rise      About this item   FORM-FITTING COMPRESSION SHORTS Looking for the ideal workout shorts? Be ahead of the game, the RDX form-fitting compression shorts are made with a blend of polyester and spandex fabrics that makes them exceptionally durable and reliable. Provide your limbs the compression support and stability they need while cycling, surfing, running, or for an ideal workout or training session. SMALL SIZE IS RECOMMENDED FOR UPTO 14 YEARS OF AGE   STRETCHABLE AND DURABLE FABRIC How stretchable do you want them? These shorts feature a 4-way stretchable fabric that is highly durable and reliable providing a full range of movement without restriction. The RDX activewear T15 compression shorts provide compression during workouts, reducing aches and providing relief to the limbs while jogging, hiking, or rock climbing.   EXTENDED PANELS FOR ABSOLUTE MOBILITY No more restricted movements. The RDX compression shorts for exercise have an ergonomic design and revolutionary inseam and rear panels for free and easy movements. The stretchable fabric provides unhindered mobility during MMA, Boxing, Muay Thai, and other similar sports training.   FLAT-LOCKED SEAMS FOR OPTIMAL COMFORT While exercising do you feel that uncomfortable feeling of the material rubbing against your skin? No more hesitation. These compression shorts for men feature flat-locked seams that provide you with the perfect comfort needed to remain focused in the game. Perfect to wear whether you are busy working out, training, running, or doing any other exercises.   SUPERB BREATHABLE MATERIAL The lightweight material of the base layer shorts is not just able to retain body heat but also provides sufficient breathability, while the sweat-wicking properties wick away sweat to maintain an odorless workout.   TEMPERATURE REGULATING FABRIC Troubled about excessive sweating while working out? The quick-drying and sweat-wicking nature of the material helps to keep the thermal shorts for men fresh and odorless and also regulates body temperature. This makes them ideal for multiple activities.   See less About this item \nProduct ID: 016726ef-32d9-4f55-b84e-2c637b5a61e1 \nProduct Asin: B09XXFCCCT \nOverall Ratings 4.5 \nTotal Customers that rated: 198 \nPrice: \u00a316.99 \n", "id": null}